# Data-Mapping
Scripps Institute of Oceanography Data Mapping: Visualized geospatial and time series data, quantifying spatiotemporal changes and correlations between plastic waste deposition fluxes and population, public event, and Airbnb density, leveraging Leaflet and ggmap. I collaborated with researchers in various scientific fields to scrape 120 GB of unstructured data, coordinate data mining, data mapping, and statistical analyses, and co-author a white paper.

The Scripps-Rady Ocean Plastic Pollution Challenge is a unique 6-month accelerator program focused on identifying effective, evidence-based approaches that will curb the flow of plastic into the ocean, with a specific focus on marine conservation and marine cultural preservation areas along California’s coast. The inaugural program ran January - June, 2021, and participants engaged in a series of virtual short courses, team-based research, and a final two-day challenge to pitch solutions to an expert panel.

This program is a partnership between the Center for Marine Biodiversity and Conservation, Scripps Institution of Oceanography and the Center for Social Innovation and Impact (CSII) at the Rady School of Management at UC San Diego.

We are working towards systemic solutions that end the plastics problem, not just clean up the problem that exists today. This requires a focus on upstream solutions to reduce plastic production and reduce the generation of plastic waste. This program is bringing together multidisciplinary expertise that will build a systems perspective of the plastic pollution problem, and spark innovative and thoughtful ideas and strategies.
